minor edits to enumerated types (#1)
cabo/notable-tags: draft-bormann-cbor-notable-tags.md

overlap; particularly, tag 101 encoding starts where the more compact
special encodings for 0..6 and 7..127 end.

> For cases 0..6 and 7..127, the tag value indicates the value of the alternatives.

Reviewer: Only one of them:

```suggestion
For cases 0..6 and 7..127, the tag value indicates the value of the alternative.
```

> For cases 128+, then a single tag value announces the format, and the value within the array indicates the value.

Reviewer: I think this can be said more understandably.

```suggestion
For cases 128+, a single tag number is used with an enclosed two-element array that contains the case number and the value of the alternative.
```
